well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're gonna talk about
both right how about the sentence why do
I talk about Dallas had a whole lot of
people more than I would have imagined
asked for my opinion asked how I felt
about it and when I was reading the
questions I realized they were asking
more than just how I felt about it there
was a lot of nuance and the questions so
we're an answer mall but how did I feel
about it
disappointed disappointed we're so close
to what I would have perceived as real
justice so close but it fell short and
in that question is it long enough it's
funny because if the sentence had been
one year less I think the tone of this
video would be very different I think it
would be anger rather than
disappointment and that in and of itself
is sad and disappointing we're
conditioned now to accept something that
is less than okay and just be like well
it's not right but it's better than I
was expecting
that's a problem in and of itself
then another one of the questions when
you're actually reading it is inadequate
punishment I don't know
I believe prison should be
rehabilitative in nature I don't believe
in mandatory minimums I don't believe in
incarceration for nonviolent crimes so I
don't know I would say that while all
that is true when it comes to violent
crimes especially those of this
magnitude I tend to lean the other way
and I know that's not right
but I tend to tend to be looking more
for retribution than justice so I don't
know that I would be a good person to
ask would a black person get the same
sentence if there was a demographics
which of course not of course not I'm
fairly certain the people that asked
this to know this I think they just want
it said sentencing disparity is a very
very real thing it is a very rural thing
I think it has a lot to do with the
ability to get a good lawyer which has
to do with income inequality it's
systemic it's something that's that's
very present the evidence is everywhere
for it and the efforts to reduce it have
been lacking there have been attempts
but they haven't been very good and been
very successful do I think she got off
flight because she's a cop probably
probably that probably had something to
do with it if you're looking at it from
the punishment aspect I would take
solace in the fact that those types of
institutions where she's heading they're
not very welcoming to law enforcement
you know
staying in general population is going
to be bad
the alternative is protective custody
which is basically putting yourself in
solitary confinement which is also not
good so if you're looking at it from a
punishment aspect I think that it's
probably going to be that I would be
willing to bet that most people who are
familiar with these institutions would
rather do ten years as themselves than
five years as cop and then there's the
real question the underlying question
was this justice I don't know that's up
to the family I yield to them I yield to
them and I am sure there is
disappointment and there is anger and
they are more than entitled to feel that
way
it's not even my family and I felt that
way but then you have to look at their
actions you know the statement of hoping
it's in time to give them to her
give her to reflect on her life and then
both his brother saying you know I
forgive you and I want you to go to jail
in that hug I can't even fathom that to
be honest I can't I can't imagine doing
that he was trying to embody his brother
and I can't I can't I cannot picture
myself doing that they are better people
than I am
and you can look at that hug two ways I
do anyway there's the part of me that
looks at it and says you know we should
all be more like both oh this is what he
would have wanted we should all be more
like that and then there's a part of me
that looks at that and it's just a
reminder of the type of person she took
away and it makes me angry I know that's
not the intent but like I said they they
are better people than I am anyway it's
just a thought
y'all have a good night